README.md, before:

##APT-3000

----------

A browser-based APT decoder for NOAA satellites.

###TODO:
- [x] Demodulate AM signal
- [x] Perform convolution to find sync signals
- [x] Draw image signal onto canvas
- [x] Straighten image
  - ~~*Some wiggle still exists...*~~
  - ~~*Maybe doing convolution at 8320Hz and then downsampling would fix this*~~
  - *Fixed this by doing convolution at 11025Hz and downsampling for each line*
- [x] Add scaling to the canvas
  - *Limited, but it's there*
- [ ] Implement image rotation based on satellite orbit (N/S)
  - *Telemetry? User input? File info?*
- [ ] Implement false-color correction
- [ ] Submit a fork/push of ffdead's wav.js
  - *I implemented an effective version of ffdead's blank "getSamples" function*


###Works Cited 
*(helpful pages from around the web)*:
- http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/pod-guide/ncdc/docs/klm/html/c4/sec4-2.htm
- http://markroland.com/project/weather-satellite-imaging/APT_decode.m
- https://github.com/ffdead/wav.js/blob/master/wav.js
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas

Commit message:

Updated readme, added sample file to repo

README.md, after:

# APT-3000

----------

## Description

A browser-based APT decoder for NOAA satellites.  Forked from [@ThatcherC](https://github.com/ThatcherC)'s project here: 

  - [APT3000](https://github.com/ThatcherC/APT3000)

This project was forked on 12/13/2020 and any code changes to the original project may not be represented here.

## Modifications

Updated README with running instructions, saved the sample file to the repository for all-in-one inclusiveness.

## How to Run

This can be hosted as a static website locally without any online resources necessary.  In my case, I utilize Python's built in server by navigating to the root of the project directory and executing the following command:

```
python -m SimpleHTTPServer
```

## TODO:
- [x] Demodulate AM signal
- [x] Perform convolution to find sync signals
- [x] Draw image signal onto canvas
- [x] Straighten image
  - ~~*Some wiggle still exists...*~~
  - ~~*Maybe doing convolution at 8320Hz and then downsampling would fix this*~~
  - *Fixed this by doing convolution at 11025Hz and downsampling for each line*
- [x] Add scaling to the canvas
  - *Limited, but it's there*
- [ ] Implement image rotation based on satellite orbit (N/S)
  - *Telemetry? User input? File info?*
- [ ] Implement false-color correction
- [ ] Submit a fork/push of ffdead's wav.js
  - *I implemented an effective version of ffdead's blank "getSamples" function*

## Works Cited

*(helpful pages from around the web)*:
- http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/pod-guide/ncdc/docs/klm/html/c4/sec4-2.htm
- http://markroland.com/project/weather-satellite-imaging/APT_decode.m
- https://github.com/ffdead/wav.js/blob/master/wav.js
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas
